# AnoConEly
Analysis of Conservation within Insect Dscam Genes
DSCAM research by Liam Ely
Contact at Wgelyjr@gmail.com

Sequence data retrieved from NCBI, found with NCBI's BLASTN/BLAST+
Alignments done via MEGA7
Plotting done via R
Editing source code done in Notepad++

The paper that inspired this research: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0092867405007592?via%3Dihub

A very special thank you to Dr. Matthew Jones-Rhoades and Dr. Ole Foresberg.

DSCAM folder contains folders of each order of insects present in the research.
There is also a fifth folder, called "Allseqs," that contains the combination
of all orders. Within each of these folders is another set of folders - one for
the plots of the data, and one for the text files of all the data. 

The "Writeup" folder contains a paper, presentation, and outline of the work that
has been accomplished relevant to this research. If you're unclear of what exactly
was done in this research, you'll likely find answers there.

The "Programs" folder contains the relevant Python programs used in constructing
the data found in the research.

The program used to construct these data from the sequences is the noisefinder.py 
program. You'll find documentation for the program within the source code or
by running the program with the argument <-h>. The seqfinder program takes a fasta
file and a start and stop position and returns the sequence including and between
those two positions, and the concatty program concatenates as many files as
necessary into one .fasta (or whatever file type you prefer) for use in MEGA7.

There are alignment files in some of the order directories - these can be opened
and manipulated via the MEGA program.

All of these files and data are yours to manipulate, under the condition that any
notable findings are relayed to me, and that I am credited in any publication
reliant on data generated by these scripts, or modifications to these scripts.

Feel free to email me any questions, concerns, or comments!
